[MLIR] Adjoint for CallOp (#353)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/changelog.md

  `MeasurementProcess`es.
  [(#280)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/280)

> * The adjoint operation now supports call operations with single quantum register returned.
>   [(#353)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/353)
> 

Reviewer: Duplicate 😅 
```suggestion
```

<h3>Improvements</h3>

* ``AllocOp``, ``DeallocOp`` have now (only) value semantics. In the frontend, the last 
  quantum register is deallocated instead of the first one. This allows to return the quantum
  register in functions and can be given to another function (useful for quantum transformation).
  [(#360)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/360)

> * The quantum adjoint compiler routine has been extended to support function calls (with single quantum register returned) 
>   within an adjoint region. By itself this provides no user-facing changes, but compiler pass developers may now generate quantum adjoint operations around a block of code containing function calls as well as quantum operations and control flow operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The quantum adjoint compiler routine has been extended to support function calls that affect the
  quantum state within an adjoint region. Note that the function may only provide a single result
  consisting of the quantum register.
  By itself this provides no user-facing changes, but compiler pass developers may now generate
  quantum adjoint operations around a block of code containing function calls as well as quantum
  operations and control flow operations.
```

  `MeasurementProcess`es.
  [(#280)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/280)

* The adjoint operation now supports call operations with single quantum register returned.
  [(#353)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/353)

> 

Author: Added :+1:
